{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0    A Lannister always pays his debts. In this ever changing world, financial institutions greatest question is how can they make sure that borrowers are able to pay their debts? My data capstone project will focus on simply answering the question of - will borrowers be able the pay the loan or not. I plan to introduce a data source focused on determining areas (househols income per capita) through their zipcode to better improve Lending Club's model. \
\
    Lending Club's mission to transform the banking system to make credit more affordable and investing more rewarding should make them closer to their mission  by always looking to improve their credit model. I have been an investor before and I can tell you when a loan defaults or charges off I can get really furious because I lost my money. The data I plan to incorporate should improve their credit model and improve predictability by categorizing zip codes for annual income per capita. The data set will come from Lending Club themselves and I will get my additional data source from data.gov.   \
\
    Once I clean my data and incorporate my additional data source. I will group zipcodes by income and base it through there if loan borrowers are more predictable in able to pay their loans the higher their income bracket is. I will be presenting this through code, submitting a short paper and a slide deck. \
}